README.md, before:

## Buckaroo API client for PHP ##

Currently only accepting [iDEAL](https://dev.buckaroo.nl/PaymentMethods/Description/ideal#top)

## Requirements ##

To use the Buckaroo API client, the following things are required:

+ Get yourself a [Buckaroo account](https://www.buckaroo.nl/). Retrieve API keys.
+ PHP >= 7.2

The client uses curl, so make sure that your PHP is installed with the curl extension.

## Manual Installation ##

Download the code from the repository (git).

Create an autoload file and include it in your project.

## How to receive payments ##

To successfully receive a payment, these steps should be implemented:

1. Create a service that you need (for now only Ideal is available).

2. Create a transaction and add the service that you have created.

3. Send the customer to the provided redirect url.

4. Update the transaction status (Buckaroo will push information).

Initializing the Buckaroo API client, and setting your API key.

## Getting started ##

```php
$buckaroo = new \Buckaroo\Buckaroo();
$buckaroo->setApiKeys("TEST_API_WEBSITE_KEY", "TEST_API_SECRET_KEY");
```

## Executing a new transaction ##

Creating a new payment.

```php
$service = new \Buckaroo\Service\Ideal('Pay');
$service->setIssuer('ABNANL2A');
```
_You have to provide the type of the transaction (Pay or Refund)_

Then add the payment to a newly created transaction

```php
$transaction
    ->addService($service)
    ->setAmount(10.00)
    ->setInvoice('#CG0001');
```

Finally, execution of the transaction.

```php
$buckaroo->execute($transaction);
```
_After executing, the transaction key can be retrieved from the `$transaction->getKey()` method._

Now that the transaction is ready, redirect the customer to the payment provider.

```php
header("Location: " . $transaction->getRequiredAction()->getRedirectURL(), true, 303);
```
_This can be done with the 303 See Other http response code_

## Retrieving an existing transaction ##

This is pretty easy and you only need to call `getTransaction` method of the Buckaroo master class.

```php
$transaction = $buckaroo->getTransaction('THIS-IS-THE-TRANSACTION-KEY');
```

Then the `$transaction` variable will hold a Transaction instance with all information populated in it.

## Support ##
Contact: [www.thanpa.com](https://www.thanpa.com) — hello@thanpa.com — +30 2521105247

Commit message:

Added push support + made unit test for getTransaction. Closes #20 and closes #9.

README.md, after:

## Buckaroo API client for PHP ##

Currently only accepting [iDEAL](https://dev.buckaroo.nl/PaymentMethods/Description/ideal#top)

## Requirements ##

To use the Buckaroo API client, the following things are required:

+ Get yourself a [Buckaroo account](https://www.buckaroo.nl/). Retrieve API keys.
+ PHP >= 7.2

The client uses curl, so make sure that your PHP is installed with the curl extension.

## Manual Installation ##

Download the code from the repository (git).

Create an autoload file and include it in your project.

## How to receive payments ##

To successfully receive a payment, these steps should be implemented:

1. Create a service that you need (for now only Ideal is available).

2. Create a transaction and add the service that you have created.

3. Send the customer to the provided redirect url.

4. Update the transaction status (Buckaroo will push information).

Initializing the Buckaroo API client, and setting your API key.

## Getting started ##

```php
$buckaroo = new \Buckaroo\Buckaroo();
$buckaroo->setApiKeys("TEST_API_WEBSITE_KEY", "TEST_API_SECRET_KEY");
```

## Executing a new transaction ##

Creating a new payment.

```php
$service = new \Buckaroo\Service\Ideal('Pay');
$service->setIssuer('ABNANL2A');
```
_You have to provide the type of the transaction (Pay or Refund)_

Then add the payment to a newly created transaction

```php
$transaction
    ->addService($service)
    ->setAmount(10.00)
    ->setInvoice('#CG0001');
```

Finally, execution of the transaction.

```php
$buckaroo->execute($transaction);
```
_After executing, the transaction key can be retrieved from the `$transaction->getKey()` method._

Now that the transaction is ready, redirect the customer to the payment provider.

```php
header("Location: " . $transaction->getRequiredAction()->getRedirectURL(), true, 303);
```
_This can be done with the 303 See Other http response code_

## Retrieving an existing transaction ##

This is pretty easy and you only need to call `getTransaction` method of the Buckaroo master class.

```php
$transaction = $buckaroo->getTransaction('THIS-IS-THE-TRANSACTION-KEY');
```

Then the `$transaction` variable will hold a Transaction instance with all information populated in it.

## Making a transaction instance out of a Buckaroo push ##

```php
$transaction = $buckaroo->populateFromPush('{...<here goes the request body>...}');
```

Once again you habe a transaction instance, ready to be used for anything you need.

## Support ##
Contact: [www.thanpa.com](https://www.thanpa.com) — hello@thanpa.com — +30 2521105247
